
<center>

# Jessie Hughes

*Lurking in the Shadows*
</center>

## Education

**Cornell University** \| Master’s in Sensory Evaluation <span
style="float:right">**1546-1550**</span>

- Courses of Note:
  - *Pies and Poison: Murderous Intent in Your Spouse*  
  - *An Introduction to Wine-Tasting*  
  - *Seeing the Unseen: Rooting out the Unlikely Traitor in your Midst*

**Georgia Institute of Technology** \| B.S. in Espionage <span
style="float:right">**1542-1546**</span>

- Minor \| Malappropriated Arts and Sciences  
- Concentration \| Interrogation  
  <br>

## Experience

**Taste Tester** \| Lord Gareth Brynne <span
style="float:right">1582-present</span> <br> **A Suspicious 15-Year
Absence From Public Life** \| Freelance <span
style="float:right">1567-1582</span>  
**Head of Eyes and Ears** \| Nandor the Relentless <span
style="float:right">1554-1567</span> <br> **Intern** \| Madame
Antoinette <span style="float:right">1584</span>

<br>

## Recognition

Young Apothecary’s Seal of Recognition <span
style="float:right">1558</span> <br> “Most Likely to Heal a Woodland
Animal Disguised as a Prince” Award <span
style="float:right">1580</span>

<br>

## Reviews from Satisfied Customers

*“She saved me from poison-laced wine! I owe her a blood debt”*
-Alorran, King of Amadicia

*“Madame Hughes is always eager to undergo standard testing for
taste-bud density and always volunteers for extra trainings, sometimes
even during her lunch hour. Even at rest, one can never be too
careful.”* -Madame Dumont, royal taste tester to Marie Antoinette

*“Twice I have made the Euphrates itself run red with blood, so you
could say I’m not short on enemies. Ms. Hughes works by the light of the
full moon to ensure the highest quality in her sensory evaluation work.
For her, keeping me alive and tyrannical is more than just a job; it’s a
passion.”* -Nandor the Relentless

![](https://i.ebayimg.com/images/g/A~sAAOSwYvJe-39m/s-l1600.jpg)
